Daddy, want to come throw
with me?
Oh, I'm actually
in the middle of --
-Not you.
-Okay.
Oh, uh, yeah,
but just for a bit
while, uh, Gloria and Joe
go through some of your old toys
in the garage.
I'll fly there.
Mm-hmm.
GLORIA: Okay, vamanos!
Kid loves that cape.
So, I see your stance on sons
wearing accessories has evolved.
The cape
gives him superpowers.
What did leg warmers
give you?
Flair.
They gave me flair.
Leave me alone, okay?
Everybody,
leave me alone.
Hey!
What's all that?
(sighs) I just -- I'm sorry.
I just need a night away.
Here. Want to help?
-I don't do that.
-Okay.
It's just --
It's been a lot recently,
you know, coming off
of a really long trial,
Cam's spring cleaning
frenzy,
hauling Lily all over
for softball,
pretending to care
about softball.
Oh,
I get needing time away.
I was married
to your mother.
Like you are now.
I have it all
planned out.
I drive to the desert.
I check
into the Markham --
a few hours by the pool,
massage,
then I head downstairs
for a juicy steak frites,
just me and my book,
which can't talk to me.
So do it.
(sighs)
Asking Cam to go away alone
is three weeks
of wounded crazy
that I -- I don't
want to deal with right now.
Don't ask, tell.
Isn't that what you fought for?
Okay, I don't know
what to address first.
Uh, Jay,
Gloria's ready to go.
All right.
Take it easy.
You have a good one, too...
Mrs. Tucker.
(door closes)
(chuckles) Why'd he call you
Mrs. Tucker?
Why does he wear those
boxy jeans? I don't know.
No, seriously.
W-Why is he messing with you?
(sighs) All right,
yeah, what the hell.
Um, I told him
how I would love to go
to the desert
for a night.
Okay, yeah.
Fun. Let's go!
Hold, please.
How I would love to go
to the desert for a night alone.
I don't care.
All right.
If you want to go alone,
go alone. I don't care.
Oh, see, you said
"I don't care" twice.
Because that's how much
I don't care.
Why are you still here?
Cam, don't be hurt.
I'm not running from you.
Here.
-And I'm not folding that.
I just wanted
a night alone, okay?
Lily's going
to that sleepover tonight.
It seemed like a good night
to do it.
So, go!
You know,
I don't love the implication
that I'm so needy I can't spend
one night by myself.
I didn't say that.
You didn't not say that.
And you're not
not being needy.
Well, to show you
how not needy I am,
I...will pack your bag
for you.
It's already packed?
Oh, yeah, well,
this is the third time
I've tried asking you.
Bye. I love you.
Okay.
♪♪
PHIL: Oh, hello, Claire.
Hi, honey.
I just got back
from the most beaut-- Oh!
Oh, indeed.
Welcome to your
prerecorded seduction.
Mama likes!
Papa knows.
That's right.
I know my wife so well,
I was able to anticipate
her questions
before she asked them.
Well, this is kind of fun.
The sexiest?
I don't know.
The world's a pretty big place.
Help yourself to a glass
of wine, my love.
Oh, it's kind of early
in the day,
but how often do we get the
house completely to ourselves?
Easy, thirsty!
I've got plans for you.
Hint --
This won't be the last time
you see me
on a sheet today.
(snaps fingers)
Now you.
Well, I guess your beautiful
lunch will have to wait.
(door opens)
Someone's here!
No, Claire!
What?
Yes, Claire.
Show me those pretty feet.
How do you turn
this thing off?
The sheet said yes.
You know what's not
real conducive to studying?
100 nerds crying in every
different Asian language!
You knew finals
were coming, people.
Calm the hell down!
LUKE: Oh, good. You're here.
Do we have any corn?
What is happening?
Are those chickens?
Epic senior prank.
Don't make it too epic.
How will you top it next year?
Get them out.
Now, now, now.
I need to grab
something upstairs.
Oh, God. Come on, guys.
(door opens, closes)
The door! What is going on?
Guess who I found
driving through the neighborhood
who insisted
on stopping over to say hi
with his new wife
and her kids!
It was me! Dylan.
You know, from before?
-Yeah.
Mr. and Mrs. D, this is my wife,
Dr. Elaine Kolchuck.
Doctor?
Yeah, I don't know
why he does that.
And these are my beauties,
Betty and Janice.
CLAIRE: Mm-hmm.
And this is my son Douglas.
(chuckles) Your son.
That's not weird.
Anyway, I just wanted to pick
something up that I left here.
(drawer opens)
Bam!
Oh, wait. Uh...
Your dad did that.
Yellow's the hardest side.
(crack)
Ah.
What was that sound?
What happened?
LUKE: Broke the banister.
I'll fix it!
What's this thing?
(beep)
-No! No!
-Oh!
-Oh, no!
-And now...
No, no, no, no!
...a treat for you.
No! No!
Everybody go home!
(seductive music plays)
No!
♪ Watching sports
with my feet on the table ♪
♪ This is the best ♪
♪ Being alone is the best ♪
"Rescue Me."
What?
That was the name
of the TV show
I couldn't remember
at dinner last week.
Come on.
Let's pop it in.
No.
It's a bad time, Cam.
Turns out,
it wasn't the allergies.
I feel terrible.
You shouldn't be close to me.
I don't want to get you sick.
Oh, gosh.
No danger of that.
I have the immune system
of a horse.
When I was a kid,
I needed a transfusion,
and there was a mix-up
with the vials.
I've contacted
Marvel Comics repeatedly,
but they don't
seem interested.
Come on. I'll make you
some chicken soup.
Manny!
Hey, hey!
And who is this?
Cam, this is Sierra,
my --
Gosh, what would you call us
at this point?
Teacher-assigned
study partners.
As you can see, I've got
a lot of work to do, so...
Yeah, we only have
another half-hour.
I promised my dad
I'd get an oil change.
Oh, well,
Manny can do that.
Really?
Yeah! Pull your car
into the garage.
Just be careful
not to hit his weight set
or his power tools.
Wow.
That would be awesome.
Cam, I know you're trying
to help, but stop.
I'm clueless about cars,
and I really don't want her
hitting Mom's weight set.
I'm gonna talk you
through it.
Okay, missy, whatever
you're working on over here,
let me take over.
No, no, no.
You can't.
This is my abuela's
special fever cure.
Please hand me
the dried scorpion.
You're gonna eat this?
No, don't be stupid.
I am gonna wrap it
in a rag
and I am gonna let it soak
into my head.
Okay.
You know what?
Let's get you to bed,
and I will bring it to you.
I can follow a recipe.
Go on.
No, no, no.
It's --
Go on.
Be careful.
All right.
Ground chicken beak.
Mashed crickets.
(gasps) Ew!
Cilantro? Ugh.
I'll grab your room key.
Restroom's over there.
Thank you so much.
I just drove the whole way.
I had a huge iced tea, and --
What am I doing?
You know why people pee. Okay.
Hey, Colin.
Might have been hasty
turning down that site map.
I've walked into the same
Bar Mitzvah twice now.
Hey!
Whatcha doing here?
-Me?
-Mm-hmm.
You said Cam
wouldn't let you come.
I thought it was safe.
Safe to what,
steal my special day?
Well, you made it sound
so good!
The pool, the steak,
no one to talk to.
Well, now we have
someone to talk to.
Thanks a lot.
Look, the place
is gigantic.
You do your thing,
I'll do mine.
Oh, my God.
Dad, you even stole
the book that I'm reading.
When you were over at the house,
I peeked at the jacket.
I'm not gonna read something
Larry King called "Crazy good"?
Fine. I'll see you back
in civilization, okay?
Thank you.
Okay.
Uh, you sure you don't need
a site map?
Oh, no. I'm fine.
I've been here a million times.
Thank you so much.
("Hava Nagila" plays)
GUESTS: Mazel tov!
Are you trying
to make me fail?!
Sweetheart,
I know that you're stressed,
and we are so proud
that you stopped pulling out
your eyelashes.
So proud.
We are a little concerned
about this new, uh,
pen-up-the-nose tic.
It's -- It's not a tic!
It's just something
some people do occasionally.
-Where is it --
-It's right --
It's right --
You got it right there.
Ah! Damn it!
(laughing) I mean,
the crazy thing is
I'm happy Dylan found that old
lady with those hideous kids.
I mean, how funny is it
(voice breaking) that he is
the one that settled down
and is doing so great
while I'm alone
basically forever?
(laughs)
Could you please go be tragic
somewhere else?
(pounding)
Dylan, are you back?
LUKE:
I'm fixing the banister!
(groans)
This is a nightmare!
You're not better
than us.
I am so much better
than you!
I'm not the one
with the pen up her nose.
(groans)
At least
I have a boyfriend.
(gasps)
Who says that?
-Uh-oh!
-Oh, God.
Oh, God!
Haley crying about Dylan,
Alex freaking out about school,
this is like
a big déjà vu.
No, déjà vu
is when you imagine
that you've seen
something before.
This is just vu!
In hindsight,
I should have pulled my head out
before I nailed
the post back in.
Buddy...
Live and learn.
If only you ever did.
(groans) Okay.
I think I may have gone
too deep this time.
Sweet Caligula,
that's a lot of blood.
Why would Dylan change
his phone number?
Do you know how long it took him
to memorize the last one?!
Both sides now?
Don't hate
this glue smell.
Now comes the blood-loss
migraine.
Oh, you know what?
I-I can go get some medicine.
Oh, no.
You know, I can do that.
Actually,
my car's blocking your car.
Yeah, that's not a big deal.
You know why?
Because I can take your car
instead of mine! Bye!
No. No, no, no!
No way!
Oh, my God.
Knock it off!
Mind your own business!
I would love to.
But now I'm wondering
if all that gasping
is about something
I've already read
or something coming up!
I'm on page 312.
Don't tell me that!
Now I know there's a gasp
coming in 20 pages.
(chuckles)
Of course.
You're following me.
Oh, I-I'm sorry.
I thought you were someone else.
What the hell
did I just witness?
Oh, good Lord.
Oh! Good Lord!
Tell me about this sea bass
special again.
Mediterranean prep,
en papillote --
Oh. Really?
Yeah.
Baked in paper
with tomato, red pepper,
capers, onion,
olives.
Literally my favorite
fish dish.
Would you recommend that
over the steak?
Hey, I was kind of in the middle
of my own thing here.
Would you recommend it
over the steak?
They're both great.
Fine. Steak.
Stick with the plan.
And I'll have a glass
of the Merryvale Cab.
Yeah, me too.
Thank you.
Sorry, the Merryvale Ca--
uh, doesn't come by the glass.
I-It seems like you two
know each other.
You could split
the fish and steak
and share
the bottle of wine.
Not doing that.
Never said we were.
This is actually
my dad.
I came here for some alone time,
but he copycatted me.
He said he wasn't coming
because his scary partner
said he couldn't.
Scary husband!
Still hits my ear wrong.
Wow.
So, you're not even gonna...
I-I'm sorry.
Uh, just, my dad passed away
when I was 10,
and I'd love to have dinner
with him again.
Oh, Austin.
That's so sad.
Terrible story.
Makes you think.
Anyway, I'll have a glass
of any of the reds.
White for me.
Thank you.
I'm sorry, buddy.
I didn't mean to pull
your leg so hard.
What?!
Dylan was my romantic
safety net.
How is a person
supposed to live without one?
Alex, I'm asking!
It is scientifically
impossible
for me to care less
about your -- Ow!
Head down, honey.
What?!
Where is your mom?
She's been gone
for over an hour.
She's just sitting
in the car.
What?!
She's just sitting --
Never mind!
(sighs)
Oh! Hi.
Hi. How long you been
sitting out here?
That's a weird question.
I literally just drove in.
Oh.
(knocking)
Aah!
Sorry. We usually try to get
here in under 30 minutes.
Yeah, thank you.
Okay.
Thank you.
Oh, God.
Phil, I can't go back in there.
I'm sorry.
I tried.
I opened the door,
but my legs wouldn't move.
Honey...
Drive.
What?
What about Alex's pills?
[ Pills rattle, thud ]
Drive.
Oh!
So -- So we're running
away from home.
I mean, i-i-is that okay?
Yes.
We live with three adults.
We're basically landlords
in an apartment building.
We're the Ropers!
Yes! Yes!
We could just drive and drive.
Exactly!
We've earned the right
to live the empty-nesters' life
even though
we're still full-nesters.
Oh, my God!
Do you remember
that bottle of wine
we put aside
the night Haley was born?
Yes!
We were gonna open it
the night all three of them
moved out.
Uh-huh.
And watch one of the thousands
of movies we missed
'cause they were sick
or hungry
or choking
on the head of a Power Ranger.
I am a woman who has never seen
"Thelma and Louise."
That's the only Harvey Keitel
movie I've missed!
Where are we going?
Let's let
the universe decide.
"Family is a gift you receive
every day."
So they're making
sarcastic ones now?
(both laugh)
Squirrel!
(tires screech)
Uh-oh.
I think we just ruined
someone's graduation.
CAMERON: Hey.
Ay!
I must have fallen asleep.
I don't see how.
The fumes coming off of
that potion are something else.
Yes. When we're done with this,
don't throw it out
because with a teaspoon,
I can clean the swimming pool.
(cellphone chimes)
Okay, Manny needs to see me
in the garage.
I will be right back.
Yeah, but come right back
because this cannot stay longer
than five minutes.
Oh, and just for fun,
what would happen
if it stayed on for, say,
I don't know, 17?
Well, they say that --
Ay, no!
No!
You used Joe's cape
for the smelly thing?
You know how important
this is for him?
No.
It goes me, the cape,
chocolate chip cookies,
and then Jay!
Well, can't we just say
Jay ruined it,
since he's already
so far down the list?
Has anyone seen
my cape?
Uh, no.
What's it look like?
Like a cape!
Sorry.
It's just so stressful.
(cellphone chimes)
You know what?
I have to go to Manny.
Then I'll clean Joe's cape.
Then I'll be back.
It's okay. Go.
We will all be waiting for you
here in Cancún.
(cellphone chimes)
Something's wrong.
There's oil everywhere!
Well, you probably just need
to tighten the drain plug.
-(Gasps)
-Oh!
(air hissing)
You popped her tire?!
It's okay.
It's all right.
Where does Jay keep
his patch kit?
It took me 20 minutes to find
the light switch.
I'm gonna know
where a patch kit is?
Don't panic.
I saw one here earlier.
Oh, oh!
Here it is.
Oh, no! No!
What?
That's Joe's cape!
(gasps)
Oh, no!
Joe loves this cape
more than anything.
It goes me, the cape,
chocolate chip cookies --
Almost done, Manny?
Oh, hey.
Yeah, well, he would be
if I wasn't out here
asking him so many questions
about, you know,
how to -- how to patch a tire,
but like he said,
the directions
are written clearly down
inside the patch kit.
And then if you get
in a real jam,
there's tons of videos online,
anyway.
Shouldn't we give him
some space?
Maybe get some --
some tea?
Oh!
So, do you have a date
for spring formal?
I probably won't even go.
I have nothing to wear.
Oh, my God!
It's not
that big of a deal.
I mean,
people are starving.
Oh.
This isn't a sign, is it?
Well, it's not a sturdy one,
but they're only fifth-graders.
No! No, that we shouldn't
have run away!
No. We're just gonna
tie this off, hit the open road,
and keep driving
until the toilets flush
in the other direction.
Oh, God! Oh, no!
It's floating away!
Oh! Oh, okay!
It's caught in the tree.
We can reach it.
Get on my shoulders!
-What?
Right!
Oh, yeah, right. Oh!
Okay, I forgot about that.
Oh, wait. Go forward!
It's too high!
Just reach for the string!
Are you reaching for the string?
No, I'm pretending
I'm at a Def Leppard concert!
It's right there!
Just grab it!
I can't reach it, Phil!
I can't reach
"The Next Chapter!"
Oh, my God. Let me down.
Let me down.
-What?
-Let me down.
What?
Don't you see what the universe
is trying to tell us?
We are never gonna reach
the next chapter.
Luke's not going
to college.
Haley's gonna grow old
in the basement.
Alex is just gonna
keep coming back to taunt us
and use up our tissues!
I don't think the universe
cares that much about us.
Phil,
we tried to run away,
and I can still see
our chimney from here.
It's over.
Oh, yeah.
This is it.
"Welcome...
to our life!"
Ha!
Sweetheart,
I-I am as upset as you are,
but since when did anything
work out the way we planned?
We didn't plan
on having Haley.
on having Alex.
We did plan
on having Luke,
but we didn't plan
on having Luke.
I'm having a tantrum.
And I love our kids, I do.
Most of the time, I do.
It's just I had this --
this picture of how our life
would look right now.
(sighs)
This is not that.
No.
Yeah.
I get it.
(sighs)
Maybe...
Maybe we don't have throw away
the picture.
Just refocus it a little.
[ Both chuckle ]
Lug nut.
Tire iron.
Flugel hammer.
Pigeon door.
These are all
nonsense words to me.
I don't know
what I'm doing here.
Yeah, well, I don't know
what I'm doing here, either.
Am I so incapable
of spending a night alone
(straining) that I had
to come over here and
create all this drama?
No wonder Mitchell
wanted to get away from me.
(door opens)
Hello?
Oh! Hey, well,
thank you, Manny,
for letting me tighten
that last wheel screw.
Maybe next week you could teach
me how to street punch?
Yeah. Sure!
Wow.
Cam found it
upstairs for me.
It's one of your mom's dresses.
Isn't that crazy?
I can see running it
by a therapist.
So, car looks done.
Do you maybe want to,
I don't know,
go get something to eat?
Uh, sure!
But I'm a little dirty.
So? It's cute.
(chuckles)
A word?
(car door closes)
See?
Good as --
No! Oh.
It looks like
a monster ate it!
Exactly.
See?
It tells a story.
This burn is from when
you fought a dragon!
A-And these oil stains?
Well, they're from when
you saved that 18-wheeler
from going off a bridge.
This is the cape
of a superhero
who's always there
for people in need.
Wow!
Fly away!
That was so nice, Cam.
Thanks.
You look better.
And your fever's gone.
I don't know what you put
in my abuela's potion,
but it took care of the fever
faster than ever.
Look! It even made
my teeth whiter, huh?
Oh! Wow.
Look at that.
Here I was beating myself up
because I couldn't be alone,
and one could argue
that everybody in this house
is a little better off
because of it.
Well, I lost a dress
and the house smells like smoke,
so I wouldn't be high-fiving
myself that much.
Ah, yes, sir?
Right?
(scoffs)
Nobody keeps me on edge
for 500 pages
then decides
they're just done writing.
Either end the damn story
or don't even write it!
Yes, exactly.
God, for a minute,
I thought I missed something.
You did.
The chance to read a great book
on your one night alone.
Well, at least
the steak was good, right?
Nice cut.
Perfectly cooked.
Terrific wine.
(laughs)
What?
What's -- What's funny?
You.
The steak, the book,
hell, this whole trip.
You're turning into me!
No. No.
Unh-unh.
No, no, no.
Dad. No, no.
Hey.
You're turning into me.
How?
The fact that you stayed
with that book at all,
which is basically a love story
between two men.
It's a buddy thing!
Oh, please!
Buddies don't find
that many opportunities
to skinny-dip together.
Every time they saw
a body of water,
it was off with the pants,
splash!
Come on.
You're just making it worse.
Oh, my God!
Your hands!
That's what your
spa appointment was.
You got a manicure.
It's because Gloria said
that my hands were too rough.
It was her idea.
Considerate --
That's me.
Running from your family --
Yeah, yeah.
Ah,
I guess it's possible
that we both moved
to the center a little.
Yeah, well,
it makes sense.
It definitely makes things
easier between us.
A little less distance.
Yeah.
Uh, hey, um...
here's a --
It's a crazy thought.
There's -- There's something
old us could never do
without tears
and screaming
that I think new us
might be able to handle.
It might help me out at home,
you know, if -- if you're game.
Lead with your elbow.
Shift your weight.
Follow through.
That's not bad.
No, it wasn't good,
but I'm not crying
and you haven't called me
"missy", so let's keep going.
♪♪
(voice breaking)
They had no choice.
The light turns red
when you put something on it,
green when the hook
is free.
-I call it a Smart Hook.
-So smart.
I got the idea
when I was in a parking garage.
Uh-huh.
You know
those little lights --
Oh, God, Dad.
No, don't look. Don't look.
What are they doing here?
They're not gonna want to have
brunch with us, are they?
They can't!
This is our day!
You think they see us?
Hmm.
Just keep walking.
No sudden movements.
The site maps say
there's another café --
My book.
Leave it!
-- Captions by VITAC --